Let's get right into this.
Let's get into God's word for this morning.
And just to get a recap before I read a verse and pray.
So this session has been on addiction and it's been about how the devil uses these chemical substances behaviors.
We didn't get deep into gambling.
We talked a little bit about gambling.
And with the advent of legalized sports gambling, there are reports now that some of the
Young men in college campuses are really losing a lot of money over gambling because you can legally do it now.
Marijuana has been legalized.
And we talked about how marijuana is different from every other drug.
Marijuana works on both the presynaptic and the postsynaptic aspects of the dopaminergic system of the dopamine nerves.
And so by doing that, it actually is a gateway drug.
And as we're going to talk a little bit about today, marijuana also opens up the mind
for spiritualism and demonism.
This is why there are religions like Rastafarianism and others and some of the practices of Hinduism, which is actually where Rastafarians, a lot of them don't notice, that's where they get that practice actually from.
And it is to open up your mind so spirits will come in.
And so that you're open to the spirit world.
We talked about marijuana and alcohol, how they change your ability to make
wise decisions.
And of course we had a whole session where we really focused on sexual sin, pornography.
And as I travel around, this is one of the biggest, I think this is one of the things that is really gonna destroy many in the remnant church.
Sexual sin for sure, LOI talks extensively about it and uses the analogy back to Bale Pior,
where Balaam and Balik conspired against the children of Israel, and the men of Israel fell.
Always, when it comes to sexual sin, the devil starts with the men.
The sexual revolution started with magazines like Playboy and Penthouse, all designed to make men give up the Victorian ideas about sex, traditional ideas about sex, intimacy, commitment, and pervert men.
Once you pervert the men,
almost by default the women fall in line.
In fact, as much as I celebrate that the feminist movement is very much against pornography, feminism basically said that whatever a man does, a woman should be able to do.
And hence the curse carried from the men of Western society to the women of Western society.
And so that now we talked yesterday about the fact that in churches, when they did a poll on Christians, 75% of the men
70 or 75% of the men said they use news pornography, 40% of the women.
And that more than half of those who said they use pornography said they actually have no problem with it.
And once you do that, you fulfill the prophecy of 2 Timothy 3.5 where it says that they have the form of godliness, but they deny the power of their of, which is the Holy Spirit.
So all that we've talked about so far is really to get you to a point where we're going to talk about today, which is,
The reason God forbids these things, the reason the remnant church, Adventism, even though we are ridiculed because of our stance on sexual issues, on abstinence from alcohol, drugs, our health message around what we eat and all these different things, even though we're ridiculed about the fact that we don't drink caffeine, or at least we're not supposed to,
We're ridiculed about these things, but as the science comes out, it supports the idea that if you want the kind of mind that will be able to discern deception in the last days, you cannot be involved in these practices.
They will cloud your judgment ever so slightly.
And if you want an example of how important it is to not be deceived in these last days, think about what they can do with artificial intelligence now.
If you are not rooted and grounded,
You trust what you see.
The time is coming when they will be able to make you see things.
So we've always said, well, the demons are going to come and impersonate.
AI can do that.
Somebody can program a computer to promote the deceptions.
And I don't think I put it in this talk, but it's a really good study out of MIT that shows that, in fact,
If you put on social media, if you put a lie on social media, it travels about a thousand times faster and about a hundred times further than if you tell the truth.
So here's the kicker.
That means the most popular people on social media are probably inherently lying to you.
The more popular they are on social media, the more likely they are actually telling you lies.
Because that's how you can't get very famous telling the truth.
So all of that is to say that as we talk about this, well now today, the Lord led me that I should go back over another form of habit, addiction, one of the ways the devil gets in and that is entertainment.
So we're going to talk a little bit more about entertainment today.
We did a little bit the other days and we're going to go a little deeper into it today as we talk about the clarity of mind.
So with all of that said, let's get into this.
Our scripture reading comes from 1 Corinthians chapter six.
Verse 18, which says, flee fornication.
Every sin that a man does is without the body, but he that commits fornication sins against his own body.
What Paul says, don't you know that your body is the temple of the Holy ghost, which is in you, which you have of God and you are not your own, for you are bought with a price.
Therefore glorify God in your body and in your spirit, which are who's,
God's.
We belong to God.
Change is the way you do everything because what society tells you is do what you want to do.
Do what feels good to you.
That's not what the Bible teaches.
The Bible says Jesus himself actually says it.
Deny yourself.
Take up your cross and follow me.
That is the instruction given to each of us as Christians.
So let's pray.
Father God, we thank you for this opportunity to study your word and I just asked now.
that you lead us by the power of your Holy Spirit.
These are once again very difficult spiritual issues to talk about and the devil is busy.
But Lord, right now in the name of Jesus, we rebuke Satan.
And Lord, we ask that you bind him and cast him far from this place.
Remove distraction, Lord, soften hearts and allow the Holy Spirit for him to move on the hearts and minds of your people now.
This is our prayer in Jesus' name.
Amen.
All right.
Let's get into it.
Our talk, clear minds in the last days, guarding against end time deception.
We're going to use the Bible story found in Daniel chapter five.
Daniel chapter five says, Belshazzar the king made a great feast to a thousand of his lords and drank wine before the thousand.
Here the Bible gives the example again of the dangers of intoxication.
Belshazzar was not an innocent man.
I mean, I get around to it at the end of the story, but he knew the truth.
How do we know he knew the truth?
His grandfather had been converted.
In fact, he is one of the few pagan people in the Bible who actually has a chapter that you can credit to him, Daniel chapter four.
So he knew the truth.
But here he is getting drunk.
And the Bible says in verse two, Velshezar, while he tasted the wine, commanded to bring the golden and silver vessels
which is Father Nebuchadnezzar taken out of the temple, which is in Jerusalem, that the king and his princes, his wives, and his concubines might drink therein.
When you get drunk, you naturally and almost automatically bring out the vessels that belong to the temple of God.
Every time you engage in these behaviors that destroy the body temple, you are violating, defying the vessels of God.
Why?
Because you are God's vessel.
you belong to God.
And so as you do these things, all these things begin to happen.
And he has all his wives as concubines and he's just carrying on terrible.
Verse three, then they brought the golden vessels that were taken out of, can you open one for me please?
Then they brought the golden vessels that were taken out of the temple of the house of God, which was at Jerusalem.
Thank you.
Got it.
Good.
Thank you.
out of the eternal house of God, which is that Jerusalem, and the king and his princes, his wives, and his concubines drank in them.
They drank wine, and what did they do?
They drank wine, and what did they do after that?
They praised the gods of golden, of silver, of brass, of iron, of wood, and of stone.
Drunkiness led to idolatry.
Drunkiness, all care was gone.
It is even more interesting.
Again, we may not get to the back end of the story, that in fact, right as they're partying, that whole city and nation in a sense is surrounded by their enemy.
And let me tell you something.
Some of us are partying while the enemy has us surrounded.
So here, they're having this feast.
Look at what Ella White, Ella White doesn't often use words like this, but look at what she says.
Prophet and the Kings page 523, Ella White says,
with reason dethroned through shameless intoxication and the lower impulses and passions now in the ascendancy.
The king himself took the lead in the riotous orgy.
You don't really think about Ellen White talking like that, do you?
I normally wouldn't even read such a word except it's a part of the passage.
But look at what happens.
What is dethroned first?
reason Satan wants you to not have reason remember Isaiah 118 the Bible says come let us reason together without the ability to reason you it is difficult and I would almost argue impossible to be saved so what does Satan do he wants you intoxicated with something so that you are unreasonable so that you can't choose
Well, come let us reason together though your sins be a scarlet.
They shall what?
We want us to know salvation happens where you are able to reason.
Hence the devil wants you high.
This is why the Bible says to be sober, be vigilant for your adversary, the devil walk at the bout like a roaring lion seeking whom he may devour sobriety is connected to your salvation.
And it's not just on a simple level.
It is the ability to not fall.
See, it just goes down a path until finally he is in a riotous orgy, Ellen White says.
And let me tell you something.
It's still happening today.
There's a documentary on Netflix about Sean Puff Daddy Combs.
What a lot of people don't realize is that what Puffy, what the documentary doesn't say, the 2020 special on this doesn't say is, in fact, this wasn't just
sexual perversion it wasn't just the abuse of certain people that those are the accusations anyway it was sexual it was actually spiritual warfare and it was what they call sex magic you see these the Hollywood stars many times the more apprehensive and despicable the sex act the more power they believe Satan gives them
And that's why you see these parties.
Because behind it is how they believe they get fame and fortune.
And I didn't talk about this yesterday, but I'm gonna mention it just on this slide.
This is why you should not enter into a nightclub.
When you go into a nightclub, everything from the lights, the smoke machines, the pounding music, the alcohol, the way everyone dresses is designed
to bring down your inhibitions.
Put you into a trance.
Anybody who used to ever go to nightclubs, you know, once you get inside, even if you don't drink, it is designed to disarm your reason.
In fact, it is actually a temple.
It is just the modern day version of the temple of Baal of the Old Testament.
And I am shocked how many churches I've gone to and young people are planning in mass
as a group that Saturday night to go to the nightclub.
Sometimes they try and dress it up.
We're going to go salsa dancing.
Well, just because it's in Spanish, don't make it right.
It's a beautiful language.
All my Spanish friends say that's the language of heaven.
But just because you're dancing in Spanish music, don't mean the dancing is right.
Right?
The nightclub's done.
And then you add in the drugs and the alcohol.
And literally you go in and you are worshiping demons, and sometimes you don't even know it.
Children of God have no business in these places because you can't serve God and mammon.
You can't serve this world.
And it was sad.
I go to churches and sometimes even the music leaders because we hire them from outside of our church and you got a big band up on the stage.
Some of them have still have the stamp on their hand from the nightclub the night before where they played at the nightclub.
You can't bring that strange fire into the house of God.
What's really scary to me is you go to a lot of churches, and that's what the worship service look like.
You ever ask yourself, no, I'm off the subject, but I might as well do it.
I get in trouble all the time.
I'm used to it.
It's all right.
You ever wonder how you go to a worship service and it's dark?
Why would you want to worship in a dark room when Jesus is light?
You know, it's dark.
They got strobe lights, smoke.
You can't even read, your Bible is so dark.
What kind of worship you having?
If you're sitting in a room so dark, you got to put your flashlight from your phone on to walk up and down, it's fine, you see.
Where in the Bible does it say God likes to be worshiped in the darkness?
Just an aside.
Alright.
So, in Matthew chapter 24, Jesus really speaks to why our minds need to be clear in the last days.
He says in Matthew 24-3, he sits on a Mount of Olives.
The disciples have just heard him tell them, tell that Jesus had just told the disciples that the temple is going to be destroyed, not one stone is going to be left on the other.
They can't believe such a statement.
And so they ask a question you need to be able to answer.
Tell us, when shall these things be?
And what shall be the sign of your coming and of the end of the world?
Jesus, never forget, is the greatest of all prophets.
And so here Jesus says this and in verse four, he says, and Jesus answered and said to them, take heed that no man, what?
The last days are an age of deception.
If you are not rooted in grounded, someone came up to me yesterday and we're talking about me talking about using the word to find addiction.
Let me tell you something.
If the word is not your weapon, it's the only weapon given in the armor of God.
the only offensive weapon.
And so Jesus said, look, don't be deceived.
The word for deceived, there's the Greek word planeo.
It means to be led away in falsehood.
Do not be deceived.
This is the call in the last days.
Look at what he said in Matthew 24, 36, talking about these parties.
But of that day and hour, no man knows, no, not the angel of heaven, but my father only.
But as the days of Noah were, so shall also the coming of the Son of Man be.
What was it like in the days of Noah?
One thing it was in the days of Noah, they were violent.
Let me tell you that when you see the wars, when you see the mass shootings, literally God is telling you, you are in the days of Noah.
And we get mass shootings so much, we don't even think about them anymore.
They happen, you watch them for a minute and you move on.
Verse 38, for as in the days that were before the flood, they were eating and drinking, marrying and giving in marriage until the day that Noah entered into the ark, and knew not until the flood came and took them all away, so shall also the coming of the Son of man be.
The people are described as distracted, unconcerned.
As we go to the last days, there is going to be more to distract you.
More to take your time up.
Someone asked, is it a sin to play video games?
I asked a tough question.
When you're spending 10 to 12 hours at a time, playing a game, instead of connecting with your God, what is Satan setting you up for?
Right?
So, so shall also the coming of the Son of Man be.
So Satan was a hijack in mind.
We talked about some of these chemicals yesterday, serotonin.
GABA, dopamine, this is what the devil's after.
He wants to control this.
The devil wants you high on dopamine, but really where you need to be is serotonin.
Serotonin is what actually makes you feel stable.
And so the devil's definition of fun is you go to Disney World down the street or Universal Studios across the street here and you stand in line for three hours.
Then you get on a ride.
How long does the ride last?
Less than a minute, 30 seconds.
And then when you get off and do what?
You got to get back on another line.
God says, listen, I'm going to put you on a ship.
The ride is going to take you around the world.
You're going to see all the beautiful things in the world.
The water is going to get rough, but you are going to have joy the whole time.
That's the difference.
And so that's serotonin over dopamine.
So the devil wants to manipulate the dopamine pathways.
And the other one we talked about yesterday when we talked about sex is nor epinephrine.
This one is related to adrenaline, because it's also called noradrenaline.
And it is the one that you can become an adrenaline junkie.
You've heard that, right?
For a lot of people, this is what is pushing their sex drive.
That adrenaline of chasing you down and conquering you is what drives them, right?
So more of the, and what we talked about was, and I didn't show this one, but there's a cycle of dopamine.
Right, you perceive a reward, you get anxious and restless, and you're very motivated to get the reward, you get it, the pornography, the drug, whatever it is, your motivation goes down, you no longer feel anxious, you feel the pleasure, but what happens over time is you down-regulate the receptors of dopamine until finally where you wind up is, as we showed this one yesterday, it gets to a point where you can't find pleasure, right?
The instant gratification
You can't find pleasure, but if you can do it the way God says do it, pleasure is more pleasant.
And so the devil actually isn't just trying to steal your eternity.
He's trying to steal your happiness now.
When he convinces you to get into pornography and to sleep around, he's stealing from you that later on you could have had a very happy marriage.
Right?
That's what he wants.
He wants the families attacked.
Young people, and we talked about this yesterday, that in 1965, the average age in a 70-year-old church was 35 years old.
By the late 1990s, it was 65 years old.
There are churches you can go to in America where there is not one person in the church under 70 years old.
You are who is missing.
That's why I love GYC.
I said it yesterday.
For so many of you are here, we need you to rise up, fill these churches, bring your friends in, right?
But what the devil wants, he wants you chasing an instant gratification through dopamine.
What God says is if you just take your time, I will give you a mind that can experience pleasure in just watching the sunset.
That's where God wants to get you.
And so the devil is trying to really trip you up, trying to get you into a bad place because what is really at stake is that there's a war for your mind.
That's what the war is.
And we talk about the great controversy.
We think about the angels and the devil's fighting.
I told you this yesterday.
I'll tell you again.
The real war is the war going on right here.
That's the real battle.
It's the battle for your heart.
Satan is fighting constantly and here's the problem.
We sometimes let him have all this influence over us To the point where as I will show you through the lyrics of some of the most famous singers and rappers After a while we give so much influence to Satan that we begin to despise the things of God Right because that's where the war is it's in your mind
Revelation seven and verse one.
And after these things, I saw four angels standing on the four corners of the earth, holding the four winds of the earth, that the wind should not blow on the earth, nor on the sea, nor on any tree.
And I saw another angel, verse two, ascending from the east, having the seal of the living God.
And he cried with a loud voice to the four angels, to whom it was given to hurt the earth and the sea.
saying, hurt not the earth nor the sea nor the trees till we have done what?
Seal the servants of God where?
In their foreheads.
We talked about this yesterday.
This is where the battle happens.
There was a guy named Phineas Gage.
Anybody study psychology remembers that story?
And a pole went through the poor man face, came out the other side.
I'm glad I wasn't there to see that.
And it basically destroyed his frontal lobe.
And this is when modern science began to realize
You can do a lobectomy.
If you take out this part of the brain, you take out the person's personality.
You take out their character.
We started to realize how important this part of the brain is.
And let me show you some more on this.
I talk about this all the time.
Because the other way to look at it is this way.
It's not just the seal of God that goes there.
Revelation 4.22, and they shall see his face, and his name shall be where?
In their foreheads.
So the seal of God goes there, we'll come back to that.
But one of my favorite lines, I like to say when I preach is this one.
For your name to be written in the Lamb's book of life, his name must be written in your forehead.
What does a name represent in the Bible?
Character.
The question, young people, older people, whoever you are, the question you've got to ask yourself is, am I living a life
to develop the character of Christ.
Remembering the statement that by beholding you become changed.
So when I'm watching, listening, looking at things, my character is either being molded to be like what I'm watching or reading, or I'm doing things that will help mold my character to be like Christ's character.
And once you start thinking about it like that, this stuff you just can't watch.
This stuff that you just can't listen to.
Because I don't want the devil's character.
Right?
Look at this.
That's the frontal lobe, the prefrontal cortex.
I won't get too deep into it, but the prefrontal cortex facilitates our decision making.
This is where reason happens.
It allows us to foresee and imagine possible implications for our actions.
This is why sin is tied up here.
And so this, this is the breaks.
This is what says, Hey, I want my lower brain says I want this thing, but my frontal cortex presses the break.
You can't just have that thing.
Right?
So for the human, the front, the frontal lobe is about 33% of the brain.
You see that?
The next smartest animals are porpoises and chimpanzees.
Ours is a third 33%.
There's only about 13%.
So smart as they are, they're not smart like humans.
In fact, I would argue this.
It's the human frontal lobe.
When God says we are made in this image, a big part of that is the frontal lobe.
Because you can imagine, you can create, you can develop, you can plan.
Here it is, you can worship.
All tied up in the frontal lobe.
And you can see how the animals go down, they have less frontal lobe.
And all the things the frontal lobe is listed here.
From reasoning, to planning, to judgment, even social and sexual behavior.
You see that?
Isaiah 118, come now, let us reason together, says the Lord.
We talked about that.
Here's what Ellen White says, faith I live by page 288.
What are you doing, brethren, in the great work of preparation?
Those who are uniting with the world are receiving the worldly mold and preparing for the mark of the beast.
What are you preparing for?
That's the question.
So I talked yesterday about the body as the temple.
And so if you think about
the sanctuary message and you lay out the human body.
The Bible says to enter into his courts with thanksgiving and into his gates with praise.
That is like the mouth, the nose, the openings and what comes out of your mouth should be praise.
First phase of the sanctuary message.
The next thing you reach when you go into the sanctuary or into the courtyard, the first thing you run into is the brazen altar.
That's like your digestive system.
You couldn't put an unclean animal on that altar.
like you shouldn't put an unclean animal in your system.
Right?
So that's where sin is dealt with.
From there you go and there's a brazen labor.
And that's where you wash that represents the circulatory system.
And then you go into the tabernacle and to the right is the table of showbred represents the word speech and hearing of the word represents the word of God to the left is the menorah.
The light represents the Holy Spirit.
And in front of you is the altar of incense where you're able to make a intercession for someone else.
But from there you go beyond the veil, which is very thick, and you get to the most holy place.
In the most holy place, if your body is laid out like a temple, that's the frontal lobe.
That is where sin is dealt with in your body, just like on the day of atonement.
It is where the shekinah glory of God is to fall.
In the most holy place, you see that bright light there?
It represents the shekinah glory of God.
In your frontal lobe, the glory of God should shine.
The Holy Spirit should be in control.
Judgment and mercy is dealt with.
And how often could the priest go into the most holy place?
Could he just put on whatever clothes he wanted to and go into the most holy place?
Could he go in there with sin on him?
What happens if he walks into the most holy place that one time a year and he's covered in his sin?
He dies.
Let me ask you a tough question.
If the most holy place in the sanctuary was that protected, why do you just allow everything into your
most holy place.
If you couldn't just let anybody, in fact, only one person can actually go in there.
How now do you allow everything into your frontal lobe, your most holy place in your body temple?
That's why Ephesians 6.17 says, and take the helmet of salvation.
Salvation happens in the brain.
You are to protect that part of the brain.
Right?
So Christian character equals the seal of God.
equals the name of God.
And Satan will work on your mind so that you get the wrong seal.
Really, you get the mark of the beast because when you look at the mark of the beast, it says the name of the beast, Satan's name, Satan's character can be put on you.
Here it is.
Ellen White says character building is the most important work ever entrusted to human beings and never before was its diligent study so important as now.
Never was any previous generation called to meet issues so momentous.
Never before were young men and young women confronted by peril so great as confront them today.
Young people, yes, the church is in need of you, but also, as I said yesterday, never in human history has it been so difficult to be a young person.
When Paul wrote to Timothy, they didn't have iPads.
They didn't have social media.
They didn't have video games.
They didn't have pornography on demand.
None of that existed then.
And you've got to make a decision that you are going to stand for God no matter what.
She says in Adventist home page 403.
Those who would not fall prey to Satan's devices must guard well the avenues of the soul.
They must avoid reading, seeing, or hearing.
That which will suggest impure thoughts.
The mind must not be left to dwell at random upon every subject that the enemy of souls may suggest.
The heart must be faithfully what?
Centinelled.
It must be guarded.
And here's the part that's interesting.
Look at this last line.
Or evils without will awaken evils within.
And the soul will wander in darkness.
I remember as a kid, you'd watch, I mentioned the show Happy Days yesterday.
Now Arthur Fonzarelli was this cool guy, always with a different girl.
Some shows he had a girl on two arms.
And what we didn't realize is there are boys sitting there who have a generational tendency
towards not being faithful.
Their father wasn't faithful.
Grandfather wasn't faithful.
And you're watching this show about a man who's the coolest one is a womanizer.
The little boy is innocent.
He does not know, has never acted on his genetic traits.
But the evil without begins to awaken the evil within.
Later on, this boy can't figure out why he can't control his sexual behavior.
And that show was considered mild compared to what they show today.
Right?
Evils without will awaken evils within.
So the question is, what are we exposing ourselves to?
What are we really looking at?
And Revelation 11, I won't go through this whole thing as deep, but Revelation 11, seven says, and when they shall have finished their testimony, speaking of the two witnesses, the beast that ascends out of the bottomless pitch shall make war against them and shall overcome them and kill them.
And a dead body shall lie in the street of the great city which spiritually is called Sodom and Egypt where also our Lord was crucified.
Here's the truth.
We talk about the beast of Revelation 13 a lot.
This beast is still active.
This is the beast of the French Revolution.
This is where pornography comes from.
This is where anarchy comes from.
This is where the church people were killed, destroyed for the longest time in the Catholic church in France, persecuted the Protestants once
They were all gone God's protective hand almost like was removed from off of France They rose up and they killed off a lot of the priests took back the Catholic lands ultimately Napoleon's general Berthier takes the Pope captive 1798 is when all of this is predicted to have happened at the end of the 1260 year prophecy when it does happen This beast is released This beast is different than all the other beasts.
You notice it doesn't have any form
This is the beast of organized militant immorality.
A governmental system that no longer wants to have God involved.
That's what the French Revolution did.
So one of the things, the way that this beast is manifesting itself now is through television.
One of the addictions we didn't talk about yesterday is binge watching.
If someone actually came up to me and asked me about this, binge watching television.
And you can get trapped.
It can happen.
You start watching some silly show.
And 12 o'clock at night, you're still trying to figure out what's going to happen in the next episode.
Rather than you carry them behind the bed so you can get them to go to school or work in the morning, you're still trying to figure out what happens to Sally on the show.
Let Sally be and go to sleep, right?
So you start binge watching.
You get into the TV show.
And this is a new phenomena.
There was no such thing as binge watching when I grew up.
We had four channels, and if you, and black and white TV almost at the 1990s, my momma would not buy another TV.
Our remote control for our TV was a pair of pliers.
That's how you turn the channel, could we even have a knob?
But my mother did buy us the Encyclopedia Britannica every two years, right?
That was Google back then.
And four channels, and if you missed the show, you had to wait till the summer
Till they had to reruns to watch the show again.
Today you can sit and watch seasons of shows back to back to back to back and the devil loves that he can get you like that, right?
The binge watching is another form of addiction.
One of the ones that we didn't talk about yesterday, right?
The neuroscience of addictive television and the age of short social media exchanges.
We have a hunger for longer narratives.
So what the devil has done is he's gotten everybody hooked on social media with these little tiny clips of videos.
And then he's now, you're tired of that.
So he gives you these long episodes.
If in 1985 you said to someone, would you watch a 10 hour movie?
They just said, you're crazy.
But what do you think binge watching actually is?
Right?
And so now the devil's got you and the dopamine release,
The anticipation, um, and it actually affects your hormones, your sleep.
There's all the science around it.
Talking about the dopamine we showed this yesterday, one of these yesterday, so that you get to this place.
Look at the hours.
Americans use electric media 11 plus hours a day.
Right?
And so you're being exposed to all this stuff.
And as I said, by beholding, we become changes here.
Tierra on her head.
She's watching a princess.
She thinks she's a princess.
What are we really becoming when we watch Babylon?
What happens?
Well, the Bible says 1 Peter 1.13 says to gird up the loins of your mind and be sober.
We should be protecting our minds.
But here's what the world is saying now.
This is interesting.
I saw this article.
I couldn't believe it because I'm afraid of horror stuff.
Bring on the nightmares why you should let your kids watch horror movies.
Let me tell you something.
When I was a little kid, like I said, we only had four channels.
I'd go to my grandparents' house and they had cable.
One of the cable channels they had was something called HBO.
And my cousins and I were in the basement, everybody was upstairs, and they were watching something, probably wrestling or something.
I don't know what they were watching.
And then all of a sudden, all my cousins fell asleep except me.
And a show called The Exorcist came on.
I was just a little kid.
I was so afraid I couldn't even get up and turn the channel.
I was scared to get close to the television.
I couldn't sleep for weeks.
In fact, one of my strategies was I left the closet door open.
I said, if the boogie monster gonna come get me out that closet, like on that TV show, I might as well have the door open for him.
Horror movies.
There are reports that people watch horror movies and become possessed.
I've gone, we've done, when we were doing literature evangelism in Southern California and what our youth group, I remember them going to a house where they watched a lot of horror movies and the house was possessed.
And the girl said that when they go to sleep at night, when they wake up in the morning, the furniture would be all rearranged.
The devil isn't playing.
And once he gets you with the dopamine, he opens up your mind to all the different forms of spiritualism.
All of a sudden, all these shows are training young people, actually, to go away from God and to get into spiritualism.
I never even heard of these shows, but people told me that some of these are pretty popular, even with little kids.
Now watch this.
This is the growth in the client of smaller religions in the UK.
Here's Wicca, this is witchcraft, and you can see Satanism, all these are growing, while Christianity is dying in the UK.
Right?
So they're turning, if you go to the UK, they're turning pubs into mosques, they're turning pubs into nightclubs.
I mean, they're turning churches into pubs and mosques and nightclubs.
And you can see this rise, I was speaking in London once and one of the pastors, Adventist pastor pulled me inside and he said, Dr. Walsh, you should notice that for every Christian pastor in London, there are 30 witches.
He said in every weekend, the witches come together and pray for the destruction of the Christian church.
He says they pray all night, we are told.
And I remember when I was at Oakwood, we would find that Oakwood,
you know, Pavlava in a school when I went to that school, you'd go hiking up into the mountains and you'd find where they would have satanic rituals being done around the campus.
There were people way back then trying to call demons to destroy our campus.
Spiritual warfare, this addiction stuff, this is where the devil wants to move you.
And so in America, Christianity is dying, just like in England, you can see here,
There's the growth of paganism in the United States.
I've had people work for me and tell me they're pagans or they're witches.
I went out, you know, running clinics.
I went into one of my clinics and they had a spell over the coffee machine.
And what you, I couldn't believe it in my clinic.
And I went in there and there's the spell and it said, listen, when you make your coffee, turn it this way so many times, turn it that way so many times, say this, say this, and you'll have a good day.
I said, these people up in my place doing witchcraft.
I was so upset.
I felt violated.
I ripped the spell off the wall, and I threw it away, and I was tempted to go get some oil, you know, like the oil we're annoying people with, and a super soaker gun, and fill that gun up with it, and just spray up the clinic, just like, in the name of Jesus.
I annoy all of y'all, right?
Witchcraft, and listen, this stuff is really creeped into the church.
There are churches that do yoga, meditation,
Eastern meditation, right?
And so it is moved and what the devil has really done is he has begun to rewrite the great controversy in his favor.
If you get addicted to this stuff, he begins to infiltrate your mind with these lies.
Let's go deep.
I saw this show come out Lucifer and I, in my mind, I said, there is no possible way.
Who gonna watch a show called Lucifer?
Thing is a hit.
See, I never watched an episode, but they think I'm popular.
And they made Lucifer a hip, cool dude.
He's the one that does justice.
This thing about social justice, this is where it gets dangerous.
Because a lot of times what happens is, if you're on, you can be on the side of the devil, but if you're the one meeting out, fairness or justice, people side with you.
Lucifer does that in the show.
Let me read you something on the show.
This is from the Wiki page on it.
I've said this in some of my sermons before, but here you go.
When Michael was battling Lucifer in one of the episodes, this episode, Michael's Wings, when Michael was battling Lucifer and Amman Adeel in the Los Angeles Police Department, he unfurled his wings prior to his brothers and prepared to battle them at full strength, using the wings as weapons until God arrived to halt the fighting.
They then refurl their wings, right?
Look at this.
During the final battle with Lucifer to decide who would be the next God, what?
into next God.
The brothers use their wings to battle each other in the sky after Michael was defeated.
Lucifer used the flaming sword to sever Michael's wings, seeing a preferable outcome to the fight to the death Michael had wanted.
We had some young people from high school, a high school that we were trying to do Bible study with and they watched this show and you would not imagine how difficult it was to reach them because the show had taught them up the exact opposite of what we teach.
Second Thessalonians 2, 11, and 12, throw this verse in here before we go further.
And for this cause, God shall send them strong delusion that they should believe a lie, that they all might be damned who believe not the truth, but had pleasure in unrighteousness.
And so no wands or broomsticks, our TV is reinventing the modern day, which you get addicted to TV, by default, sexual sin, spiritualism is gonna be weaved into most shows, right?
And so you start seeing that,
This one is an interesting one.
Rapidly closing American churches are shadowed by the meteoric rise in witchcraft.
The Temple of Satan actually has an after-school Satan program that is being instituted at schools across America.
And it starts when you're a kid.
Some of you may remember Casper the Friendly Ghost.
You remember Ghostbusters, the innocent and stuff, and the movie Ghost, all romantic.
The devil wants you to believe that you can live forever.
This one, Ghost Hunters, it's on the sci-fi channel.
So the devil trying to attach spiritualism to science.
I know people who don't believe in God, but believe aliens, or seated the world with life.
Spiritualism and the power of Hollywood does that, right?
I was working at a clinic and I'll never forget, it was myself, there was a Latino doctor with me and we were closing, we were still doing our charts.
And the nurses were leaving and they said, we're leaving, but be careful.
There's a ghost of a little girl that runs around in the building.
And I said, I'm not afraid of ghosts.
In the name of Jesus, y'all can go on home.
Any other doctor said, you don't believe in ghosts?
Of course there are ghosts.
I said, really?
Where do you get that idea from?
He said, don't you watch Ghost Hunters on Sci-Fi?
Ecclesiastes 9 tells you this, for the living know that they shall die, but the dead know not anything.
Neither have they any more a reward for their memory, for the memory of them is forgotten.
Also their love and their hatred and their envy is now perished.
Neither have they any more a portion forever in anything that is done under the sun.
The dead are dead.
But you are going to hear more about this because TV is going to push it because TV actually opens your mind to the supernatural.
That's what it does.
I told you yesterday, I don't have time to get into a day, but it moves you from Alpha wave to Beta wave, places you on a semi-hypnotic state.
When you watch television, your frontal lobe is disengaged fully so that what the TV is telling you, you accept.
And this is why so many young people say, you know what?
I don't want to go to church.
I don't want to be a Christian.
I don't want to go to worship.
They don't realize that has been planted in their minds.
Let me give you an example of how the devil is planting stuff.
You don't even realize it.
So in Marvel, there's this thing called a multiverse.
And so in the Marvel multiverse, Earth is 616.
So I wondered, what does this number 616 mean?
And I got it from the mouth of the Marvel people themselves.
This guy Thorpe, he says he came up with a number through numerology of which he was a student at the time subtracting the number 50
from the number 666.
A number tied to Christian theology to arrive at 616 as the home reality of the Marvel universe.
And I said to myself, what does 50 represent in numerology?
So I looked it up.
The number 50 expresses its sense of personal freedom.
In fact, it means, do as thou wilt.
Alice the Crowler, we'll show you in a second.
This is designed, and if I had time, I'd show you, every villain in Marvel
is actually a mockery or a play on the God of Heaven.
Every single one of them, if I had the time, I'd break it down.
Every one of them.
So you wind up rooting against a contorted version of God.
And you think it doesn't affect you.
But again, you're in a semi-hypnotic state that absolutely does affect you.
In Marvel Universe, the Red Dragon is the great protector.
Right?
It speaks enough into places like Harry Potter, which really took the world by storm.
One that came out this year, I don't know much about it because I don't watch this stuff.
But this movie centers, you know, from the little bit I've read about it, again, really dark.
And what happens is because of the clamor for ethnic and racial pride and power, somebody makes a black movie that is spiritualism and anti-Christian.
And you know what a lot of black people do?
Even black Christians, they chair.
Well, we got a super.
We got Black Panther.
I don't want Black Panther.
I want Jesus.
Black Panther ain't coming to save you.
Ain't no place called Wakanda.
You'd stop it.
Ain't it messed up?
They make a Black superhero.
He don't come from nowhere that's real.
Spider-Man come from New York.
And we celebrate.
Don't realize you celebrating foolishness.
Good example is the movie Wicked.
So many young people are caught up in this, they even came out, the new movie is Wicked for Good.
I can't watch stuff like this.
Even if I, I can't stand when people start singing in a movie.
What you singing for?
Just say the lines, man.
You gonna take, the movie gonna take forever to get through.
I can't watch it, right?
But they made this movie and look, I wanna show you what the movie, what they actually say.
The post-Christian moral, morality of wicked.
This is from a secular world.
They said this, look,
One of the most noteworthy theological trends in the 21st century pop culture has been the rehabilitation of the villain.
From Cruella de Vil to Maleficent to The Joker and more, iconic villains are now routinely given spin-off movies and sympathetic backstories that complicate our categories of good and evil.
This has dovetailed with the rise of the trauma plot.
And a narrative fixation on how destructive choices, let's just call it sin, can be explained by past trauma.
Giving villains origin stories is intriguing, but I think this trend's rise is also connected to the post-Christian culture, confusion about sin and evil, morality and justice.
In this world, the theological word sin has been replaced by the psychological word brokenness.
And transcendent concepts of justice have been replaced by oppressor, oppressed power dynamics.
All of this is on full display in Wicked, rather than being the iconically despicable, nightmare-inducing character immortalized by Margaret Hamilton's 1939 Wizard of Oz, the Wicked Witch of the West is reconsidered in Wicked as a good-natured, well-intentioned outcast named El Faba, who has been seriously misunderstood.
It's interesting that the Wizard is a God proxy.
This is important.
In the film's world, characters explain things like, thank Oz, and what in the name of Oz?
In other words, they're telling you
Oz represents the God of Heaven.
Now watch this.
This deity turns out to be a manipulative, self-serving, untrustworthy villain.
Religious mythology is exposed as a convenient means of perpetuating human power.
So you watch wicked, and you don't know that subconsciously and spiritually, you are being indoctrinated to think the God of Heaven is a farce like the Wizard of Oz.
And that's in the first movie, it's in the second movie, and the first movie, the one in 1939, all the way to today, that's what they're doing to you, right?
How do I know?
Well, if you go back in rock and roll, this is sympathy for the devil by the Rolling Stones, redone by one of the other rock groups, redid it.
I forget the name of the group now, but look, this is literally the devil talking.
Please allow me to introduce myself.
I'm a man with wealth and taste.
I've been around for a long time, long years, stole many a man's soul and faith.
It was, I was around when Jesus Christ had his moment of doubt and pain, made sure that Pilate washed his hands and seal this fate.
Pleased to meet you.
Hope you guess my name.
But what's puzzling you, the devil says, is the nature of my game.
Now I could, this Coldplay and some of the other groups, they got similar songs today.
You, now let me ask you, how do you listen to this and not gain sympathy for the devil?
That is Luciferian doctrine straight out.
When you read Roger Bernold's book, a trip into the supernatural, he says that the demon priest told him that Lucifer is coming back to claim this world and God is so kind he'll have to give it to him.
This is the same doctrine, the Luciferian doctrine that's being promoted all over.
And there's Aleister Crowley.
I won't get into him today.
For rebellion, the Bible says, is what?
as the sin of witchcraft.
And so you see the magic in the music.
Here's Jay-Z.
He's going to film with Rick Rubin.
He's going to film the video for 99 Problems.
He's going to record it.
And the camera pans down to show you what they do before they make the video.
I mean, record the song.
It shows you the book of magic.
They put curses on the songs.
G. Craig Lewis used to make those videos, The Truth Behind Hip Hop.
He tells the story of the group.
Some of you may remember a group called Color Me Bad.
They had a hit song around the world called, I Wanna Sex You Up.
It was two white dudes, I think, and one black dude.
And the black dude eventually said he was going to be a pastor and left the group, left millions of dollars on the table.
When he became a pastor, he told the story that when they made the song, I Wanna Sex You Up, they brought witches into the studio to put a curse on the song.
The curse that they put on the song was that when 13 and 14 year old girls heard the song, they would want to give up their virginity.
He thought it was just foolishness.
He just wanted to be a star.
He could sing.
The song went to number one around the world.
And then they began to get the fan mail from all the people who listened to the song and were their fans.
He said, overwhelmingly, it was 13 and 14-year-old girls.
And they said, thank you for making the song.
It gave me the courage to give up my virginity.
They put magic on the songs.
And they want you addicted.
That's what they want you.
I don't have time to get into these, but Jay-Z's devils, I ain't asking for forgiveness for my sins.
And you can see, he says, I never prayed to God.
I prayed to God.
I mean, you can't, you think you listen to someone as catchy as Jay, look at the cross on his chest, what this, what it, what it looks like a skull there.
There's him throwing up Illuminati signs, right?
This is spiritualism.
I wish I had time to really go through the lyrics, right?
He says that even if Jehovah God witnesses, he bet he'll bet he'll never testify.
Right?
He'd kill God, basically.
The Bible says you cannot drink, 1 Corinthians 10, 21.
You cannot drink of the cup of the Lord and a cup of devils.
You cannot be partakers of the Lord's table and the table of devils.
Do we provoke the Lord to jealousy?
Here's the question for you, young person.
Are we stronger than God?
Kendrick Lamar.
Super popular.
And again, I wish I had time to go through all of these.
Look at this.
He says he's cynical about the judgment.
says he's been reincarnated on this earth for 400 plus times body after body, lesson after lesson in his song reincarnation.
He says, he says him speaking as God to Satan.
Look at this.
He says, you fell out of heaven cause you were anxious talking about Satan being cast out of heaven.
Don't like authority only search to be heinous.
Isaiah 14 was the only thing that was prevalent.
Here he got, he's talking about the Bible.
God says to Satan, my greatest music director was you.
He says, it was colors, it was harmony and motion.
I sent you down to earth because you were broken.
Rehabilitation, not psychosis.
Did God send Satan to earth to be rehabilitated?
There he is, the song Lucy.
Lucy is short for Lucifer.
He says, my name is Lucy Kendrick.
You introduced me Kendrick.
Usually I don't do this, but I see you and me Kendrick.
Lucy, give you no worries.
Lucy got million stories about these rappers that I come after when they was boring.
Lucy's gonna fill your pockets.
Lucy gonna get your mama out of Compton inside that gigantic mansion like I promised.
Lucy, just want your trust and loyalty.
Avoiding me, it's not easy.
I am at these functions accordingly.
Then he says Kendrick, Lucy, don't slack a minute.
Lucy, work harder.
Look at this.
Lucy gonna call you even when Lucy know you love your father.
Satan is going to call you, even when he knows you're supposed to love the Lord.
Can't listen to this and not be affected.
Billie Eilish, this one scares me.
I don't know.
She's like a walking horror show to me, but she's just frightening.
I have to cover our eyes.
You see that?
She's so scary.
It says, the dead I owe.
I got to sell my soul.
This is Billie Eilish talking because I can't say no.
No, I can't say no.
She can't say no to who she didn't look at her lyrics.
Step on the glass, staple your tongue.
Barry a friend try to wake up cannibal class.
He says killing the son.
Who's the son?
Jesus Barry a friend.
I want to end me Ecclesiastes seven in verse five.
It is better to hear the rebuke of the wise than for a man to hear the song of fools Even a tick tock I mentioned yesterday gives you the witch talk Luke 1728 likewise as it was in the days of lot
They did eat, they drank, they bought, they sold, they planted, they built it.
But the same day that Lot went out of Sodom, it rained fire and brimstone from heaven and destroyed them all.
Even thus shall it be when the Son of Man is revealed.
In that day, he which shall be upon the house top it and his stuff in the house, let him not come down to take it.
And he that is in the field, let him likewise not return back.
Here's the verse, verse 32.
Remember Lot's wife.
Lot's wife.
Remember the binge watching in Sodom.
She remembered the parties in Sodom.
She did not want to let go of Sodom.
And that's why Luke 17 30 said, whosoever shall seek to save his life shall lose it.
And whosoever shall lose his life shall preserve it.
This is speaking a layer to see.
I want to let one more point and we're done.
Revelation 3 3 17 because now say it's not rich and increase with goods and have need of nothing and know it's not without wretched and miserable and poor and blind and naked.
Here's what the Christianity day did the study comparing Christians and non-Christian lifestyles.
Here's what they found the Barna group found that Christians curse less in public in public.
Give more to charitable causes by fewer lottery tickets.
You know the lottery is tax for people who don't know math.
That's actually what it is are less likely to recycle.
That's not good.
Right?
But here it is.
Christians are as likely as the world to visit a pornographic website.
Get drunk.
There's a cross Christianity.
Do illegal drugs or take prescription medicine, not prescribed to them.
Be willing to lie to get out of a difficult situation.
Have intentionally done something to get back at someone within the last 30 days.
Look at this.
It's no surprise then,
that 84% of non-christians said they personally knew at least one Christian, but only 15% thought that the person's lifestyle was significantly different than their own.
Non-christians don't think we're different because, and for the most part, Christians in America aren't different.
Here's what Jesus calls us to.
Ephesians 5, 25, husbands, love your wives.
Even as Christ also loved the church and gave himself for it, that he might sanctify and cleanse it with the washing of water by the word, that he might present it to himself a glorious church, not having what?
Spot or wrinkle or any such thing, but that it should be holy and without blemish.
You are called to be holy.
I'm gonna finish with this point.
I talked yesterday about one of the biggest things that feeds addiction.
It's shame.
The devil gets you to feel shame.
God is calling you to holiness.
God is calling you toward the character of Christ and you keep failing and you start to just distance yourself from God.
But look at what Ellen White says here.
The tempter, Satan, stands by to accuse them as he stood by to resist Joshua.
He points to their filthy garments, that's us she's talking about, their defective characters.
He presents their weakness and their folly, their sins of ingratitude, their unlikeness to Christ, which has dishonored the Redeemer.
He endeavors to a fright the soul with the thought that their case is hopeless, that the stain of their defilement will never be washed away.
He hopes to so destroy their faith that they will yield to his temptations, turn from their allegiance to God and what?
And receive the mark of the beast.
I want to, I want to finish here.
We're out of time.
I want to finish here.
One of the most important things, two important things for you to get through the end time.
The first thing you must know is the character of God.
He's not Zeus.
He's not in heaven looking with a lightning bolt waiting for you to mess up to zap you.
We talked about it yesterday, John 3 17.
God sent not his son into the world to the condemned the world, but that the world through him might be saved.
I came to tell you today, when you're worried about your condition, look at God's character.
Look at how he treats the woman caught in the act of adultery.
Look at how he treats the woman at the well.
Look at how he treats Peter, the patience he shows Peter.
And I want you to read that when you wonder about his character.
I want you to see he went through everything to save you.
You will not make it through the time of trouble if you don't know God's character.
But the second thing I want to leave you with is that you must accept that you have been forgiven.
Too many Adventists don't believe this.
They ruminate
regurgitate their past, they stuck on their sins and their failures.
And the problem with that is the more you look at yourself, the more like yourself you become.
You have got to stop looking at yourself and turn your eyes to Christ Jesus.
That is the secret to victory over sin.
And how do you do that?
Practically that is where you get into the word.
You study his word.
And I would recommend the book of John, the gospel of John and the book, the desire of ages.
There's two books I would say you put them on, listen to them if you don't have time to read them.
Go through those books, look at Jesus and you'll begin to change.
You must know you are forgiven because when you doubt whether or not you're forgiven, that lack of faith gives Satan an entry.
I'll finish with this story.
If you ever read Roger Merno has another book, not just a trip into the supernatural.
Here's another book called Beware of Angels.
In this book he tells the true story in the Northwestern part of the United States where these Adventists began to have separate worship services and angelic beings miraculously would appear in the meetings and they thought they had some special light.
They were better than everyone else.
That's what had self-righteousness.
That stuff has to go.
And they started to worship with these angelic beings.
Remember the name of the book?
Beware of angels.
They're worshiping with these angels
And eventually the angels say, go to Walmart and steal X, Y, and Z.
And they say, don't worry, we'll cover you.
And they go into Walmart and they steal the stuff.
They walk out with a handful of stuff.
Nobody stops them.
They walk out.
The angels protect them.
The angels tell them, you can steal this stuff because you're preparing for the time of trouble.
That's not like some of my friends growing up, little crooks, right?
We can steal this.
Man, we hungry.
Right?
You're preparing for the time of trouble.
They finally go somewhere and they actually commit murder.
And they expect the angels are going to cover them again.
But what does the devil always do to us?
He pulls the covers off at some point.
They're busted.
They're charged with first degree murder.
They wind up in prison.
And Roger Renau goes to visit him.
Now, before Roger Renau gets there, the Adventist pastor goes back to the prison, visits them.
And the two ladies, if you read the book, they're both rebaptized and come back into the 70th Adventist Church.
A powerful story.
Roger Murnau gets to, I think it was Washington State, he gets to the prison there.
And because Roger Murnau had come out of demon worship, he knew that when he came out of it, the demons would continue to follow him.
How did Roger Murnau fight the demons?
I told you yesterday.
He would read the story of the crucifixion out loud and the demons would flee.
Matthew chapter 27.
I'm telling you, you ever worried about stuff like that happening?
Read it out loud.
The demons can't stand to hear how they lost out on heaven.
So he knew the demons would come out.
So he comes to the women and he's sitting with them in the prison interviewing them for the book.
And he says to one of the women, do the demons ever come back after you?
Is there any ever a time when they begin to attack you again?
Do you ever feel the demons coming for you?
And one of the women said, yes.
any time I doubt that God has forgiven me.
If I doubt that I've been forgiven, the demons reappear.
I came to tell you today, no matter what you've been involved with, you've got to trust the blood of Jesus Christ.
You've got to believe beyond all belief that the blood still washes, it still cleanses.
You've got to know that no matter where you've been or what you've done, you have not out sinned God's ability to save you.
And once you understand that it changes who you are, you look into his face and once you know what he did to save you on the cross, you don't want to go back into that lifestyle.
You don't want to crucify him all over again.
You want the blood applied to your life and you want to live for Jesus.
And that's what we're going to leave on.
The habits we want to form are habits that build characters to be like Christ.
Daily devotion, family worship, prayer at work, set your alarm and sort of go in the bathroom if you have to and go and call on the name of the Lord when you're at work.
You'll be amazed what happened at work.
Remember what I said about Bible promises.
Walk around with them or have a list on your phone.
But when the devil comes at you, the Bible says, when the enemy comes in like a flood, the spirit of the Lord will lift up a standard against them.
When the devil comes for you, I want you to read Bible promises.
Psalm 3419, many of the afflictions of the righteous, but the Lord delivers them out of them all.
And you tell God, I trust this Lord because you cannot lie.
Your 2026 will be different if you are rooted and grounded in God's Word.
You want to win the victory in 2026?
Stand with me as we pray.
As every head is bowed and every eyes closed, Father God, we thank you, Lord, for the truth of your word.
I wish we could have gotten to all the slides, but Lord, I want to end on this note that Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today and forever.
That His willingness
to seek out the lost and to save them is the same today.
Lord, many of us in here, what we're thinking about is, man, how much we've done wrong.
Lord, help us to remember that you came to save us from our sins, not in our sins, from our sins.
And Lord, you have the power to deliver us, no matter how Satan has bonded us, bound us, you can deliver.
So right now in the name of Jesus and by the power of his blood, I claim deliverance on us.
I claim that in 2026 we will have a closer walk with Jesus Christ.
I claim this year Lord breakthroughs will happen in young people in this room and some of us who are older in this room that this year Lord we will leave behind the sins that so easily beset us and we will begin to walk in newness of life because we trust you and your word Lord.
And then let your young people go home like a mighty army conquering and to conquer
bringing not just their family to Christ, but their friends and neighbors as well.
This is our prayer in Jesus' precious and holy name.
May the church say amen and amen.
This media was produced by Audioverse for GYC, Generation Youth Christ.
If you would like to learn more about GYC, please visit GYCweb.org.
Or if you would like to listen to more sermons, download the free Audioverse app
or visit audioverse.org.